Okay in this assignment what we're going
to do is load up a couple realistic
recipes. And I'm using a website called
simply recipes and we have two recipes
that we're going to select from them. Perfect guacamole and spicy grilled
chicken tacos and we want to try to load
up our Recipe data model as much as
possible with realistic data using these
sites. So we can see that we have a
couple of challenges here. So we have
teaspoons, tablespoons, peaches. So we do
need to add in at least one more
unit of measure. I don't remember if I
added a dash or not but take these
ingredients as much as possible and
we'll add those in to our recipes and
then we can add in the directions also
into a large text field. So we are going
to go ahead and evolve that and then we
also have the spicy grilled chicken
tacos. That one's a little more complex
because we do have four chicken and to
serve. Let's go ahead and combine those
together into just all one list of
ingredients. We didn't accommodate that
in our data model. But we'll try to make
this as realistic as possible. I'm going
to toggle over to keynote. Let's go ahead
and play this and so I have the
assignment to display a list of recipes. So it's going to emulate quite a bit
what we did in early on in the course. What we want to do is take these two
recipes, the perfect guacamole and spicy
grilled chicken tacos from
simplyrecipes.com for source data and then any
needed unit of measures, we'll add into
data.sql. We will use a Bootstrap class
like we did earlier to create the
recipes on startup and then we'll create
a service to return the recipe list to a
controller and pass that list a Thymeleaf view. Now when you're in the Bootstrap
class, I added in those query methods. So
you can get a hold of the
categories and unit of measure. So
you'll be able to look those up from the
database. So you need to take that
Bootstrap class and inject in an
instance of the Spring Data JPA
repositories to get a hold of the
objects for unit of measures and
categories. To get a hold of those
objects then we will assign those to the
recipe. So try to make that recipe object
as complete as possible and if you have
any questions if you run into any
roadblocks, try to complete the project
as much as you can and in the next video
I will step you through everything that
you need to get this implemented and
have realistic recipes displaying on our
index page.